# VBA-challenge
Module 2 Challenge

# Please find attached, the SCREENSHOTS of results with names q1.png, q2.png, q3.png and q4.png AND SCRIPT FILE with the name VBA challenge.vb for the code.

## Purpose 
In this project we use VBA scripting to analyze generated stock market data. We loop through all the data one time in order to collect an entire dataset. 

### Instructions

Create a script that loops through all the stocks for a quarter and outputs the following information:
- The ticker symbol
- Quarterly change from the opening price at the beginning of a given year to the closing price at the end of that year.
- The percentage change from the opening price at the beginning of a given quarter to the closing price at the end of that quarter.
- The total stock volume of the stock.
- Add functionality to your script to return the stock with the "Greatest % increase", "Greatest % decrease", and "Greatest total volume".
- Make the appropriate adjustments to your VBA script to enable it to run on every worksheet (that is, every quarter) at once.
- NOTE
  Make sure to use conditional formatting that will highlight positive change in green and negative change in red.

#### Steps 
1. Set MainWs as a worksheet object variable.
2. We loop through all of the worksheets in the workbook after setting header info to find the last cell that is not empty.
3. After setting initial value of beginning stock value for the first Ticker, we continue to check if we are on the same ticker name, to establish the ticker name starting point to begin the calculations.
4. Lastly we print values based on the outcome of comparing the quarterly price change percent.

##### References
- Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.
- If MainWs.Cells(i+1,1).Value <> MainWs.Cells(i,1).Value Then - inspired and taught by our instructor.
- Chatgpt used to improve logic and generate sections of code.
- Google to get syntax for adapting to my code.


